experiments.thesis.solver.AllSolverExperiment qsize-nyc-prefix
experiments.thesis.solver.AllSolverExperiment qsize-nyc-random
experiments.thesis.solver.AllSolverExperiment qsize-ssb-prefix
experiments.thesis.solver.AllSolverExperiment qsize-ssb-random

experiments.thesis.solver.AllSolverOnlineExperiment ssb-random
experiments.thesis.solver.AllSolverOnlineExperiment ssb-prefix
experiments.thesis.solver.AllSolverOnlineExperiment nyc-random
experiments.thesis.solver.AllSolverOnlineExperiment nyc-prefix

experiments.thesis.solver.FetchDistributionExperiment qsize-nyc-prefix
experiments.thesis.solver.FetchDistributionExperiment qsize-nyc-random
experiments.thesis.solver.FetchDistributionExperiment qsize-ssb-prefix
experiments.thesis.solver.FetchDistributionExperiment qsize-ssb-random

experiments.thesis.solver.NaiveSolverExperiment qsize-nyc-prefix
experiments.thesis.solver.NaiveSolverExperiment qsize-nyc-random
experiments.thesis.solver.NaiveSolverExperiment qsize-ssb-prefix
experiments.thesis.solver.NaiveSolverExperiment qsize-ssb-random

experiments.thesis.backend.BackendExperiment source-size-sparse
experiments.thesis.backend.BackendExperiment source-size-dense

experiments.thesis.solver.CoMomentSolverBatchExperiment qsize-nyc-prefix-true
experiments.thesis.solver.CoMomentSolverBatchExperiment qsize-nyc-prefix-false
experiments.thesis.solver.CoMomentSolverBatchExperiment qsize-nyc-random-true
experiments.thesis.solver.CoMomentSolverBatchExperiment qsize-nyc-random-false
experiments.thesis.solver.CoMomentSolverBatchExperiment qsize-ssb-prefix-true
experiments.thesis.solver.CoMomentSolverBatchExperiment qsize-ssb-prefix-false
experiments.thesis.solver.CoMomentSolverBatchExperiment qsize-ssb-random-true
experiments.thesis.solver.CoMomentSolverBatchExperiment qsize-ssb-random-false
